How crazy if Dax's cat just died in the middle of our episode?
I realize now I can just talk because this is gonna be on YouTube. It won't make it on the podcast
But it will be on YouTube so I can just talk I just talked to YouTube when you leave. Yeah, I always forget
People are talking about New Jersey on Twitter. Let's take a look at it
You see Ryan Florence's tweet remix reacts New Jersey. I saw that. Yeah, it may be wonder if he was listening to our
Podcast well, I didn't know if if that was a positive thing or a negative thing like it has to be a positive thing
Yeah, so he knows the positive side of New Jersey not everyone does. Yeah, I replied like oh, so it's super underrated
But actually pretty sick like that's I
Thought it was the armpit of the u.s. So is rain makes the armpit of react. Yeah, I thought New Jersey before our conversation with
Ken I thought it was the Arkansas of New York, which is like
Meet Missouri's Arkansas. Does that make sense? So Arkansas is kind of like
To people in Missouri, which I'm realizing now
The fact that we think we can like shit on anything is funny
But if we do it's Arkansas and then Australia has New Zealand. I'm sorry. I just defended whole people groups
I'm sorry
But I thought New Jersey was that to New York. I mean, yeah, it is like a third of it for sure
But it shouldn't be
Maybe that's what we're saying. Yeah, okay. It's funny
Well if I had to rewind a little bit you said Arkansas in my head whenever I hear Arkansas my in my brain
It goes our Kansas because at some point I realized it's just it's just Kansas
That's one and then two there is this point dynamic of like no matter how
You know, low on the totem pole you are like you can always find someone
Yeah, let's point this out the other day because she ran into
like a homeless guy and he was like in Dunkin Donuts and
There was another homeless guy there and the other homeless guy had left the first homeless guy started like
Saying like kind of racist stuff about the other homeless guy
So that's kind of like he's like this guy's like, okay
I'm homeless, but at least I'm not homeless and black like that's like his
He like creates and not like a mini hierarchy within that so that's that's you guys in Missouri in our Kansas in my head
It's just yeah, you know one big circle before you before you answer the New Jersey thing
Could you just tell me like before you heard me say that would you have like rated Missouri or Arkansas higher than the other either one?
I think I would have rated Missouri higher because but that's just because I know about it and I like I know more about it
And that's yeah, yeah partially related to you because I know you but then like I know
Kansas City and like, you know, mm-hmm all that stuff. I know those arcs
So I've definitely heard of those things. Yeah, okay
The Ozarks should go this stretch into Arkansas too, but and Arkansas has good parts like Northwest Arkansas is great
Because all the Walmart money
Wait, is that where they were founded? Yeah, I've been Bill
Arkansas they've got like XNA the airport there is like bigger than it should be because the Walmart people just fly to New York
Cost that I guess well that puts that puts Arkansas ahead of Missouri for me
Yeah, I guess so Northwest Arkansas probably tips the scales the rest of Arkansas is like the Ozarks
I mean, it's basically like
It's the Ozarks and then Missouri has Kansas City and St. Louis is kind of like I don't know. I'm not a big fan of St. Louis
Just never really enjoy it's just very rundown like the downtown area in St. Louis is not great Kansas City is much more like
Up and coming a lot of development. It's nice. Anyway. Yeah, that's enough about Missouri
Well, there's that quote boy. There's that quote. There's I'm gonna butcher it, but it's something like there's two great cities in America
New York and San Francisco and everywhere else is Cleveland
And that's kind of been my experience with other like quote-unquote cities, you know
They're like kind of the same format and there are like little like they're all like different pockets that are a little bit different but
Largely like
They're one big city and it like you know is just Cleveland over
That's funny, okay, so the New Jersey you're gonna hi. Yeah, I know we talked about this with Ken, but I just want to reiterate
New Jersey is a fantastic place. Yeah, I need to give it a look
I will agree that it's not broadly fantastic like you have to find the pockets, but there are like some crazy
Nice pockets like where I grew up. I think is like
Looking back after all these years as like a kid growing up in America
Like where I grew up at least from middle-school onward
Whether than in Jersey does it was like almost like a dreamland like it was a perfect place to grow up
Yeah, wow, I praise New Jersey's great and a lot of people choose to live there
Especially rich people and that's how you know
People that I usually move to New Jersey eventually interesting, okay
But rich people don't choose to live in the Ozarks, so that's how you know
That's why it's so affordable, damn it
Okay, we got we got a lot of stuff to talk about and where do you want to start?
I guess we're a little behind on some things
Yeah, yeah, because the planet scale stuff we haven't talked about and now already feels like to new
Yeah, yeah, the news cycles. They move fast. Yeah in our circles. I guess we start with that
Yeah, I'll start with that. I'm really happy that Aaron Francis got fired. I think that guy
And I'm glad to see him without a job and
His family with his four kids
I'm really excited to see them suffer. Yeah. Yeah, that sounds like you
I know you're messing around, but it does kind of sound like you to rejoice in someone's suffering
If I don't like him. Yeah, I would probably be rejoicing
I think the yeah, the Aaron situation
It was really hard for me to feel bad and I've talked to Aaron
But like I'm not just saying this behind his back
But it was hard for me to feel that bad because I just feel like good for him like he's gonna do so well
Whatever he chooses to do he has so many options that people you know, you saw the outreach like yeah
But it's just it is pretty surprising like the whole play of scale thing and I feel like I've ranted online about this a lot
So I don't want to just rant on the podcast to the whole thing like just felt like why why is there so much discourse around this?
Like just a startup made a decision and did a thing that happens
But I think the thing with Aaron is like that is the one decision
They made that I'm like man, how could that not have been an ROI like how is that guy?
Yeah, it's a little weird growing your YouTube like that one is tough for me
But I don't know like I'm not I'm not internal to play it's good
I don't know, you know, all the things that go into it like I know that yeah, so I know they're not stupid
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, but it does just seem like any organization
That's like hey, it'd be great if we had a YouTube channel can just like scoop him up and suddenly have a YouTube channel
Yeah, I know like literally nobody has pulled that off ever. Yeah, right guarantee that you would yeah
I'm excited for him to I had a call with him also and I genuinely feel like
He's gonna look back on this in a couple years and be like wow
I would have totally kept myself if I ended up staying there, especially if he goes independent like I feel like he's gonna I
Wouldn't be surprised if he's like quadrupling his income in a couple years
That's how I feel and that's my advice is like just do the independent thing cuz like
There's no ceiling all the reasons that we've talked about I do wonder like I'm I follow the NFL
I've mentioned this on the channel. It's kind of out of character for me
I mean not out of character in the sense that I live in the Midwest and like we're all depressed and what do we do?
We just watch sports, but you started a sports company like yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, so definitely not out of character
Okay, I follow the NFL, whatever
Unapologetically sometimes I'm embarrassed by it. I don't know why
But in the NFL it's like free agency right now and I feel like Aaron is a free agent and it's like the first time
I've felt this way about somebody being unemployed like oh, man. He can go get the bag
Go sign whatever big deal
Cuz he's gonna have all these opportunities at once so that is tempting
I would imagine on his side to like explore that and I know he's gonna explore it
But yeah, the independent thing man. It's just hard to beat. Yeah, I don't know
Yeah, so I feel good for Aaron in that way and it sucks to get laid off and I'm sure with two new babies
And all that the stress of of all that it's yeah, and it sounds like you bought a house
Yeah, there's a lot that goes into it, but yeah, like you said two years from now
I think he'll look back and say good thing
Cuz look where I am yeah, yeah going back to the actual thing. So just to just to recap
so planet scale did a few things they
laid off a bunch of people mostly in marketing sales, but also some engineers they also got rid of their free tier and
They put it all together in one post announcing this and also mentioning that
These actions they can now you know chart a path to profitability
Which means they're now a real company. Yeah, they can work on this forever
Which is a big milestone again is a point where we can work on something forever is
It's huge and obviously like you can get there earlier or later depending on how many people you have and things like that
So that's a big milestone. I think what anyone that's starting a company like getting to that is like
Your mindset is just totally different
You're like you can kind of like relax a little bit and like really focus on doing big things as opposed to like
You know just trying to like stay alive
you can make different decisions like you can have a more long-term mindset because
Like yeah, you're not beholden to yeah investors and that whole cycle
And I think what you said real company is very important for people to understand most the companies
Especially in the dev tools space most these companies you interact with are not real companies in the sense that like they could just go away and
I don't know like I think there's this feeling that people like we've all gotten not just founders the entrepreneurs side of it
Like feeling entitled to capital, but I think as users of all these things we've just like yeah
There should be lots of startups and they should all just be doing well and like I don't know
It's like a customer. We've gotten spoiled to buy the VC cycle, but like
It's different. It's different when you're profitable and that that it's like now
We can kind of count on planet scale in a way
You can't count on just any database company that hasn't gotten there yet
It's like a big long journey that makes sense. And then I think you by the way, I've been I've been I really liked your Twitter the past week
I know I've like mentioned a few times when I say it directly like
It's good. It's good. You're like is it isn't good because I don't know if it's good for my mental health
I think you're right. Yes. That's definitely a factor
but I think what I saw is
But you like tweeted a bunch of things that like were very like genuine is what you felt and then like it angered a lot of people
But I also felt like through that chaos and stimulus you then also had like really good things to say
Mmm. I feel like you're always like I never really need to say but I feel like
Your tweets is past week or whatever beyond just the ones that were just like, you know, making people annoyed. I feel like
Just like good stuff came out of that
So I've been on Twitter more the last week
for reasons
related to tech or Twitter like for family reasons
So I've not been working much the last week. Do I say stuff like this in the podcast?
I don't even know I don't know families are hard like life is hard
Families are hard and like if you're a parent and you're listening
I'm gonna say it
I'm just gonna say what happened because why not if I can't just like be
Myself on the podcast when can I be myself, you know, I guess not on the podcast the rest of my life that I don't record
What's the point of anything? Yeah, raising kids is hard and
sometimes it gets so hard that
One of you just wants to leave and one of you just leaves for days
So Casey she she needed a break and I totally get it not like for me. I don't think I mean kind of for me
But like from the family situation
So she spent some time in Kansas City. I was in prompt to I was
recommending it like this was not like she just left us
But it was very much needed for her to just unplug from it all
I got to experience a few days with the boys and why she needed to unplug now. Honestly. I need to unplug
badly
It's it's a lot and I don't know sometimes like I think man
How do people with more than two kids do it? Like we just have two kids. How do people with four kids do it?
I think not every kid is the same and
Our four-year-old is a challenge and I'm not going to say anymore
I guess because I don't know if these podcasts live forever
I don't want him like an adulthood to have therapy because he heard this on the podcast. I don't know
But anyway, yeah, every kid's different and right now we got we got a challenging dynamic with the two of them
So all that to say I've just been dad for a few days
And when I'm just dad there's more time to just top on Twitter and say stupid stuff
I see you're welcome Twitter. You're welcome in that
When I don't have my work to distract me, I guess
But it did make me realize like I can have things to say if I just set and think about it for 15 minutes like I just never
Really devote time to like thinking about what I've learned in my career or what I have to add to the conversation
Uh, it's just kind of more like scrolling when I get free time
I look at Twitter, but I don't really think about that kind of stuff. Anyway, yeah, I thought about stuff
I said stuff. It also like when there's people talking about things that I do feel like
like I've done the startup thing for 10 years. I've been
heavily involved with the startup life. So when people start talking about startup things are just criticizing founders
And it's like what do you know? Like what like nobody that's not like literally in his inner circle right now knows why he made this
And she made like there's what you say publicly, but like you're not part of it. You have no idea
I know so yeah, so I think you were pointing out like
Why is everyone okay? So there's definitely this performative air of being upset
And I think that's kind of what you were talking about where everyone is like so upset and so like outrage
And it's just like but then like you take a step back and we and we talked about this before
We take that behavior so for granted like someone said something about people are upset
We take a step back and you're like
I actually don't know any one of my personal life that like would read that and be upset
And like say a bunch. Yeah, it's actually really
Extremely weird behavior to like yeah
Nothing to do with you. Okay. Maybe like maybe if you know some of that like we knew people that were affected
And like, you know, it like made me worried for them. Yeah. Yeah, but beyond that it's just like
just such a random
Events in like the universe and people are like they have all these expectations of it
It's like they're lining up and they're like, okay, it's my turn to talk here. Why you let me down
You should be doing this
For me to feel better like you need to say x y and z you forgot to say this thing
And if you don't say that thing that means you're a bad person
We were lining up taking their turn like saying that and it's just like we just accept that as so normal and like
Are you even playing scale customers?
Like that's the first thing or just like an opportunity to like
Go say the same thing you'd always say
So I think you talked about that and that was like super frustrating
Uh, and then people that were like giving them advice on what they should do and it was just like
I tweeted the other day. I was like, you know for years
I've been asking engineers to like think more about business and care more about it
And this past week you all showed me what that looks like
And I regret asking because you guys are really stupid. You're really bad at business
like
They're general ideas that are true and the thing that
Bugs me the most is when someone takes a general idea and just applies it generally without thinking of the specifics
Yeah, so this case I should give you the perfect example because I think what planet scale did is actually in
Contradiction with one of my like first principles that I really believe in
um, so I very much believe in
Sacrifice everything except for making your product accessible. Um, like make your stuff as widely as accessible as possible
Give people little reason to not try it give people little reason not to invite other people to use it
Um that maximizes
The chance that someone will fall in love with your product if it's not for them
They'll try it and they'll refer someone else to it later. Like I really believe in those dynamics
So I will sacrifice everything
Before I like put up walls and barriers so you can say a plant scale remove their free tier
That's a kind of in violation of one of my first principles
But you know the details matter, right? This is a general principle. I believe in
um
When I can't apply this principle. I'm usually willing to change the business itself and what we're working on itself to like adhere
To this thing because I like so believe in it. I can see why for them
Maybe it maybe it's not like a thing that really drives the way they see things
And too, it's also not black and white, right?
They got rid of their free tier now the entry ticket price is $40 a month
That's basically free for any company
If you if you're like building a real product trying to make thousands of dollars a month
Tens of thousands of months hundreds of thousands of dollars a month
$40 a month as an entry price is not insane. It's like
Pretty reasonable. Um, it's basically free for any serious thing. So I can see black and white like
Okay, yeah, it's not free, but like I can see why it's like not that extreme either
the second thing is
There's a lot of technical details here that make this actually very interesting and nobody bothered to like really think about that stuff
They just jump right right to like the generic comments that everyone makes if you think about plant scale as a database company
They showed up and it was really odd because they're a new database company
But they started off like handling these like giant workloads
Like they didn't like really start with small stuff and they went the other way
They like had the giant workloads and they like brought went down market
Um, I forgot who they have that one big profile customer
uh
I forgot what it was but
Uh, and like he said that their average
ARR customers like $217,000 like massive
Yeah, and the question is why the reason is every other database a relational database service like rds
Like neon like most of everything we've seen
They have this architecture where you decouple storage from compute
Which means you have like a storage layer that's totally separate the handles replication and just storage the data
And that scales independently and you have a compute layer which spins up
Resources to like run queries and like run the actual database
Uh, and what's great about this model is it gives you a lot of
ability to handle small to medium even like largeish loads
At high efficiency, right? Because if someone's not using
The database like so like neon often offers like a serverless thing like rds
So the serverless thing yep can easily scale the compute up and down because it's totally decoupled from from the storage
But this architecture is really bad for the highest highest workloads for the biggest workloads
You do need a stateful system. You do need
Uh, like plant scale setup with the tests and and the sharding and all of that
So plant scale showed up because they were filling this weird gap in the market where
AWS will refer people to plant scale when they grow out of rds like that
Just something that happens. So that's very interesting
But then there's a good company. They're like good company with talented people
So they thought of features that are good for everyone at any scale right like the branching
Uh, the database recommendations they launched a few weeks ago and they kind of went down mark and offer that
So for companies like us like at sst we use them. We pay them like three to 400 bucks a month
Nothing crazy, but because those features are great
So it's very interesting because yes
They really focus on this big scale problem
But they also ship stuff that anyone could have shipped and they haven't yeah
So that's what was very attractive and I see why bringing that all the way down to free tier
That architecture just doesn't work. You can't sleep people's databases on architecture. So yeah, okay
I get it. I get why this is very challenging to do everything
Yeah, can we can we just spend a minute and just talk about the free tier era here because I do think like there's this whole ecosystem
Of people now and I I can't help but just associate it with the zero interests phenomenon
But there's this whole like world of like junk projects
And it's some of it's there's an education element to it like everyone that teaches
Can now just like show you how you can deploy a thing and cost it costs nothing. It's free
It's all within the free tier of these five different, you know startup sass things. Yeah
Uh, so there's this like whole world now where there's this expectation
From people building their first projects that everything should be free and I can deploy everything for free
And that wasn't the case like 10 years ago
Like there wasn't this world where you didn't have to think about
Like if you wanted to deploy something you had some hard work ahead of you like you could build everything on your local machine
Maybe and it's a rails app or whatever, but then it's time to deploy it and like okay
Now I have to actually deploy a database. What am I gonna use now? It's just like it's a given that there are
Choices, they're all free and you can just deploy your thing and and send it
You know send a link to your relative and you've got a website up there
I think a lot of that stuff could just go away
Like it could all like the money could run up and all the free tiers could get too expensive to maintain
For all these companies or the companies just don't exist in five years like it's very possible
That whole ecosystem. Yeah, it's all just kind of like a big jinga puzzle and the last blocks gonna fall eventually
Not and I don't even think planets go like I think
Their situation is just so different and they do seem like a more real company
Everyone's criticizing them like oh typical vc backup
They're like one of the few companies in the space that are actually gonna make it it seems like yeah
So much further ahead than everyone else
I think of like the amazon and the dot-com burst like in 2000 like a couple companies made it out of all that
And amazon was one of them and like any of these eras
There's gonna be like the standout companies that did things right and that figured it out
And then there's just gonna be a whole lot of stuff go by the wayside
And I do think it'd be good if you're in that indie hacking space
Kind of like go ahead and set the expectation that this could just be a unique phenomenon and a unique era
Where there's all these free tools and if that goes away, what's your plan?
Like do you know how to deploy something if vorcel doesn't exist not saying vorcel won't exist
But it might not exist who knows in five years. Yeah, it's like the math is so simple
You know you have a customer acquisition cost you have the lifetime value of the customer and then whatever like that just has to play out
Giant companies like AWS or a cloud flare
Obviously their free tier is backed by something totally different because these are like massively profitable companies
They're like making a big amount of money
So if they're like we're gonna spend five percent of this on free tier like the math all all makes sense
Yeah for companies that are not that it's like negative math because you're like front loading that with vc money
Yeah, it's
It's just a bunch of old guys. It's a bunch of old white guys that had a lot of money that are funding all this
And eventually that money goes away
That's so funny man
there was nothing better than living in New York in like
the mid 2010s
because
Just vc subsidize everything you want to take a ride you call an uber pool
It costs you three dollars to go anywhere
The uber pool algorithm doesn't work. So they never actually pull you. So it's a private car for yourself. Anyway, it cost nothing
You want to take a scooter? It's free. You want to order delivery? It's free like it was amazing
And to be honest, I think like that was the time of my life where I didn't have like a lot of money
so
Being able to rely on these things like definitely like leveraged
My like career and like my life. I remember I mean this this was me scamming things, but
delivery.com
five dollars
free
When you sign when you're like if you refer someone you get five dollars and they get five dollars
This is something like that, right?
But like they don't check anything you just make a new account every time
and uh
And so I just made a new account every time and I got like some money off
So like over the over like the two years I was doing and it's a lot of money
Uh, they tried to stop it by making it so you couldn't pay with pay pal
You want to pay with your credit card
And it would check the fees for the credit cards when used before and they would reject the thing
But they only hit the pay pal thing in the front end so I could just unhide it
And then it kept going and I'm just like i'm like in their database somewhere where like they're like
Wow, like our program is so successful. Like but
It's it's not really but again ltv of that customer zero zero dollars
Yeah, that's the the thing that's going to come home to roost eventually is like how much
Of these people's customer base in air quotes
Is like a zero dollar lifetime value like how many people just use the free tier
And i've shipped dummy projects to these things
And never paid some of these companies and like there's a lot of people doing that. Do you have like a fan going or something?
Is there it's it's my it's every time somehow the they're like blowing my lawn or whatever
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like in and out. So it's like there's a noise gate or something that's
There it goes or they're just actually starting and stopping. Sorry. I think they're just starting
Yeah, that makes sense. That's how leaf blowers work
Yeah, I don't know. I just I do think like there's so much
Still, that's just a house of cards waiting to fall and i'm not trying to be pessimistic. I feel like i'm pretty optimistic
but like
I still think the after effects of the post zero interest rates
Uh have not really come yet
Like I feel like you're still waiting for all that it takes years for that money to dry up
especially when these companies raise hundreds of millions of dollars some of them like
You can go a long time giving people free stuff and then eventually
You got to actually have a business that works. Yeah, and it's and this is again going back to
me asking engineers to like think more about business
This is actually it's something you should think about when picking vendors because
It's it's totally fine to pick an early stage company or like a startup as something to rely on
But you have to understand their setup like
Yeah, you have to forecast
I can see that's working out like I this makes sense like I of course there's a chance they're gonna fail
But it's not like totally ridiculous. There's a few of these companies that are somewhat popular where i'm like
There's no there's like such little chance they work out like I think people really underestimate
What it takes to build a dev to a company that is sustainable
I think most people think oh like i've heard of them and they're popular
The people are talking about them that seems really hard going from zero to get there to there is really hard
But then people see them they're like oh they made it like they're gonna they're gonna make it
Yeah, but it's you really have to address like such a such a large audience
And really capture such a huge population to really justify like a venture scale
level company and
Yeah, it's why like I mean if you look at our setup everything's on AWS
The one thing that's not AWS is on planet scale and planet scale happens to be like the only company that's
Really making money
In this space and that that's what it takes like I really need to see
that level of
You know like future
Yep, is that enough on planet scale? Yeah, what's next? Well, yeah, what's next? Uh, there's devan
The name I just love the name. I know make them all the things that could have been bad
Yeah, i'm actually surprised they didn't go with like a gender neutral name to be honest
That's a good point. It's 2024. I don't know. Can devons can devan be a girl name. Oh, maybe maybe it is and i'm just an idiot
Maybe i'm the jinder problem here. I'm the problem
Now i'm googling it. Yeah, I feel like it's one of those names. I can go both ways. It is a gender neutral name. Look at me
I just assumed it was a woman's name. What an idiot
Okay
Give me a second. My cat is like a super weird noise. Uh, I don't know if you have cats before but
They make sometimes the weirdest most disturbing noises
Yeah, it's been a long time. I had one
as a kid
I had multiple cats as a kid. And yeah, they make noise like the hacking stuff. Yeah, she was just doing a hurt for ball thing
Yeah, it just sounds like a possessed human. They sound like very human at times
Really weird
There was like there's a kind of empty lot and sometimes it like screams at night
And it's like this
I think i think i'm the cat screaming. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we've got
unrelated
Kind of we've got neighbor kids that all play like in all the backyards and a couple of them scream
In ways that like you think a child is being harmed
Yeah, but it's like they're fun scream and every time my heart drops like what kid just got attacked
And then oh, yeah, that's just them having fun. It's really it's tough. It's like the boy who cried wolf
I kind of want to be like listen you make a scream like that
Like when something's really wrong
Like I don't want to talk to the males this kid, you know, I don't know anyway
Yeah, when you live in a city
Sometimes you take a step back and you realize like you're just hearing
Very often you'll hear like shrieks of pain stuff
Like some people it sounds like pain and you just never think it twice better. You're so you see here
No big deal people suffering dying. Yeah, it's just the city life. Yeah
It's just very normal what what happens here just yet last night
Uh, you just hear gunshots
But it's it's not like the city where you hear gunshots
It's like somebody's shooting a rifle at like gallons of water or something. Who knows but he's for fun
Yeah, just like for fun, but we're in this rural area and then sometimes it's like
And it's like
Well, that could have been somebody shooting somebody. I don't know like somebody might have just gone off
Like I don't know if I should be concerned. Yeah, and then you wait for sirens or something
For the record. I even you don't hear gunshots in the city. That's like not
Oh, really? That's how it's portrayed in the video games and the movies. No, I mean, it depends on because where you live, but
Yeah
I don't think I really heard that. That's nice. Okay. Well, I hear those in the Ozarks
And I think it's just people hunting or having fun
You never know when it starts picking up the pace. I start wondering do you ever hear it and starts to get closer and closer?
That's what i'm gonna worry
No
I do listen for sirens though. Anyway, Devin. Yes. Tell me your thoughts on the Devin demo the Devin demo
You know the the main thought I had was stupid
Uh, but the main thought I had when I saw the Devin demo is look how happy this guy is that engineer
Yeah, I know I just want to like know that guy and hang out with him because he just looks so pleat
He's like got this look on his face like
Yeah, we're awesome. Look at what we just did but he's just like genuinely happy about it
I don't know wait. Did you see the video they posted of him from like 15 years ago when he's a kid?
No, no, that's some like crazy math contest. It looks like jeopardy, but it's like some crazy
It's a one of those like
Where I grew up. This is very normal. It's just random
13-year-old math prodigy goes to some like national contest, whatever
And he's like just rapid fire answering questions like it's it's so really see yeah
Did you have that look on his face that just grim?
Sort of yeah
So happy they were like look how cracked this team is
Yeah, I've heard that the team is nuts in terms of the accolades and the whatever
I don't know what to really glean from the demo. I've seen some people
Uh who've played with it, you know, right there stuff on twitter threads kind of like live streaming their thoughts as they play with it
It supposedly takes a long time to actually do stuff which seems way more realistic to me
That like that's how yeah developers take a long time. You ever worked with a developer like so that that's interesting
It seems realistic in that sense. It's got the browser
It's got it's opening up its own terminal prompts and doing stuff
I don't know. It's I wish I just wish it was a thing we could all sign up for and play with because to be nothing's real until like
If I have to book a demo, it's just it feels very like what it what is this thing
Yeah, so once I can actually play with it. I'll probably have more informed thoughts. I do wonder like
the current generation of lms. I don't know how far can it get like is it really
Making a huge dent, but I feel like if they have the orchestration stuff
Kind of worked out then that next generation
You know the one we keep hearing about with like open AI the big super secret
Whatever dupe d5 will be then I imagine we're off to the races and it's going to be super helpful
So the word you said their orchestration is key. So this was primarily a demo
Showing like novel composition novel orchestration of an llm. It's not really a breakthrough in the lms innate ability
Right, uh, but it goes to show that we're really far from even if you take the current lms
We're really far from the ceiling of what they can do
Um because really what this
Demo really is it's just a bunch of prompt glue and like giving it access to right tools and like
Giving it a workflow
It's not really like progress in like the lms actual capability, but it's demonstrating something that's meaningfully better than what we've seen so far
Yeah, uh, so I really believe that we're like not anywhere close to the ceiling even if the lms don't get that much better
I also know that like this that demo is like nowhere near good enough. I think
There is one like kind of sobering thing, which is we've all had the ability to hire
Very cheap labor somewhere in the world through platforms. I got work
We hardly reach for that some people do, but we hardly reach for it
So that's a good one. This might end up being one of those things where we're all kind of asking for it
But when it's actually there like are we actually going to reach for it because the reason we don't reach for it is
You like you still have to explain what you want to do and you still want to check you still have to check the work
And it's a lot of times that has a cross the threshold of like
Is it worth all of that versus just like doing it myself?
Um, the reality is you'll land somewhere in between but we like programming
So it's it is easy to just be like I could just do the work in the time
I could ride a good issue or whatever like I could just do it
Uh, there is that friction for sure another interesting angle
Uh, especially for open source like like sst where
People open up valid issues all the time that we just don't want to prioritize
And they might also not have the ability to exactly fix it, but if they're willing to like really describe the problem
We would probably accept a PR
Generated by yeah, AI for it. We would accept the PR from them if they don't want to do it then
so I see like
In the more near term like are there things that you would do there's lower priority like yeah, I can see
You experimenting rotate this in there
But yeah, I don't I'd actually don't I think the demo. I know people are saying it's not cherry picked and I saw some of the threads being like
Oh, it worked, but I'm there's still this gap of the demo
To me actually using I'm very motivated to use some of this
I'm not afraid of it. I like want to use it. I have all this work
I want to get rid of
But that gap still isn't bridged for me the only people that have bridged it is co-pilot
Co-pilot is the only tool that's actually made it into my workflow plus like me like, you know using chat gbt
Um, but yeah, when you say yeah when you say co-pilot
I sometimes hear people talk about co-pilot and it makes me think
That I don't know about all the products. They avail that are available
You just use the co-pilot that just like suggest the next code you can write, right?
Okay, so people that use VS code have like a much more rich
Version of co-pilot that does a lot of things. Okay, but I use something called GP vim or something. It's it's a
It's a plugin for neo vim that just gives me again. Just going back to this composite composition orchestration problem
The workflow of me using chat gbt while programming sucks because you're like yeah
In your editor and you have to like kick out to this other thing and that friction makes it so you use it
Let's say three times less
Uh, this plugin just lets me use select mode in vim
So I'll like select a bunch of lines and I'll be like I'll like start writing half of what I want to do
I'll select the lines I wrote and there's a command called like GP append
and I
I trigger that command and it just finishes. It like basically sends the context of chat gbt
Yeah, and then like immediately inserts it
In my editor. I can select things and tell it to rewrite it in a certain way
It like makes it a lot more fluid for me to use lms in my editor
But you also use co-pilot just from just just the auto complete
I mean exactly i'm in the oven but the people in VS code have like a lot of more advanced features
Okay. Yeah, that's what i'm sensing then and wasn't something renamed a co-pilot or something
Like did they rename github to co-pilot or something?
What there was something that was like, oh now it's just yeah co-pilot
And that's where the word co-pilot has become so overloaded, but I don't know if I still use co-pilot
There's other companies that like I think people call this category of product co-pilots
Oh, jeez, and that's also very confusing
Um, and there's a few editors. There's a cursor AI, which is like a fork of VS code that like just really pushes the AI features really far
um
Yeah, so I mean again, all these companies are doing are just kind of figuring out last mile ux
And I think there's just so much still to be done there
Uh, but yeah, this GP even thing. Yeah, I definitely recommend trying it
I'm gonna look at that. Yeah, like I use it so much like uh ion the go all the go. So if we wrote
Yeah, when I started that I was like, I'm gonna try to like use AI as much as possible
And I installed that plugin and a lot of it
It just wrote like sometimes I know exactly what I want to do. I just don't feel like typing it in
Yeah, and then oh, it just does it. I'm with you. Yeah. Yeah, but yeah
The back and forth to a browser. The fact that I do it at all means that it's pretty useful. Yeah
Yeah, but it is painful. Yeah, all the orchestration stuff
You know that like over the next year, that's just gonna get better better
It does suck kind of sometimes feeling like when you're in neo them that you're kind of like gonna be the last to get stuff
Forever we might like it might really get to a point where the features are so good that we start to
Not use we sort of like go back to VS code which
I know
But dax we stream on twitch and we do things in the public. We can't not use
Neovet. I love you. Yeah, but here is at the end of the day. Why do I use neovem?
It's because it saps less than my energy to to work like it the keyboard shortcuts. Okay, if i'm being honest
Uh, it does not
I it saps more of my energy not because it's nothing to do with neovem
Uh, it's everything to do with my ability to stay on top of things
And I will say the astro lsp
And in the side of neovem. It's pain
Uh, I have to restart neovem like restart neovem not restart the language server
I had to restart neovem like a few times a day because it gets to a state where just nothing
Works. I can't go to definitions. I can't do anything. I don't know what's going on if it's a memory leak
I don't know
Yeah, but there's a lot of pain. I've been a feeling and I've thought about like
I just go back to vscode and I just mess around here like I could enable them bindings and just like
Go back to life on the main highway
Well, if I was using astro, I think I would consider also because I think I literally switched off of astro. It's some for something because
It just I just couldn't get situations get a neovem. Yeah. Yeah, every time I update the astro lsp
I'm like, maybe it'll be good now, but it still doesn't still have something
I know and I don't blame the astro team. I feel like there's like five of us using
I blame the astro team. Here's why I blame the astro team if you're listening astro team. Yeah
I don't think the file format was worth it
You've said this from the beginning and yeah, I think it's made worth it to some people
But I can see how just doing a lot of that in a normal ts file
Would be completely fine for me and I don't have this other layer of tooling that
So you would have suggested like jsx
Instead of trying to be more html like I think it was a marketing thing. I think they just wanted to be like
Look how close to html it is. It would be html if not for them practice
It's so close to jsx and placid it is so close with that that they tried to model it off of right like they tried to make
Yeah, they're so few things are different like they made they wanted to feel familiar if you use jsx which everyone is
But then it's this weird like I don't know how much they're getting in terms of positive press because it's almost html
Because the file would be an html file if it didn't have these fences at the top
And if you just rename the extension to not html like but it wouldn't be because of all the jsx stuff like all the templating stuff
So it feels like this weird in between where they don't get any benefits and there's a lot of downsides
Yeah, and to underscore that I didn't know it wasn't jsx for a very long time
Oh, really? I thought it just was jsx and
If you work in it a lot point that out to me and I was like, oh
Yeah, the class name is the biggest tell for me. That's my jsx thing. That's a react flavor of jsx thing
Oh jsx can have class equals stuff because because solid
Solid has class equals really? Yeah, so I don't even know what jsx is anymore
Actually not jsx like
Isn't it? I don't really get it. I have no idea
But anyway point being is uh, I totally get why they went with that
Especially their market, you know, like the WordPress market the bigger vision. Yeah, I get it
But I wish they had a mode for
Just using normal ts files and that kind of simplifies a whole tool chain
Yeah, yeah, because I start to think like oh, it's my knee of them config just way out of date
And I need to go through and and cut down the weeds and clean it up
And then I switch over to a ts file because I have lots of ts files in my astro project and everything works
I'm like, oh, yeah, this is what a language server is supposed to do for me
Yeah, yeah, but going back to a broader point
Everyone's like the stupid the point that I hate that everyone always tries to make they think is so smart
You only spend 10 percent of your time typing like why do you care about
Using the of it like it isn't programming thinking. It's not typing
Everyone has a dumbass point. Everyone does say that. Yeah, uh, but it's about
What feels like painful labor typing out your thoughts is
Not enjoyable. It's like annoying. Yeah, so at the end of the day
If you have to work for eight hours
You're gonna feel less tired if the most annoying part of your day is a little bit easier
And that's why I use neo-ven because yep after years of using it
Uh, it's so much more pleasant to express what I'm trying to do
And I will always use it for that reason
But with all this AI stuff, it's attacks that same thing, right? Like
Uh, it's all these AI integrations and vs code make it so good for me to express what I want to do
It might, you know, display the scales. Yeah, exactly. So I can see myself going
You're not biased. You'll you'll go with whatever is the least pain. Yeah, um, I hear you
Yeah, I know I can edit files faster now
But a lot of that's just VIM motions
But I am so used to neo-ven at this point and the way I have it configured that going back to vs code would be its own friction
Yeah, I don't know
I speaking at dumb points. I feel like you were ready to change topics. Is that okay?
No, we changed it. Yeah, I'm never gonna ask permission again. I'm just gonna do it
I think I think I've said that before the did you know there are people who don't think
Capitalism is best
Did you know that? Well, it's so funny because you uh, this is like a recent discovery for you
But to me it's been like the bane of everything for like years and years and years and especially like living in New York
It's such a
Such a thing that's in the air. Um
Yeah, it's it's very trendy to blame every single thing on this
vague capitalism concept. Yeah, I guess I don't even want to spend much time on this because it'll just make me mad
Uh, I don't think about capitalism ever. I don't it's not a thing I think about
I'm not a capitalism worshipper as I've been called in the last few days
Apparently if you tweet anything about
startups or about
whatever the layoffs
uh, then you're just a capitalist and
Yeah, I guess I am. I I mean I live in america and this is what i've only ever known
That's it. That's all I have to say the fact that there are people here in america
They're like you capitalist worshippers like what do you what what are you?
What do you want to do with your life like with your fancy ass tech job? It's funny because it is such a common thing in new york
Uh, I'll tell you some like specific stories
Uh in new york you will often and it's probably not the case any marker signs have changed
But there was a period where people would very proudly
As soon as you meet them, they'd be like oh, i'm actually a socialist or i'm actually a communist
Uh, oh, okay. What do you do? I'm a product manager at facebook
like
You're making probably 300 k to do a nothing job and you're gonna tell me you're a socialist or your communist
and here's a second one so we uh
Uh, Liz had a roommate
And like in her friend's circle. There was this guy and he was like head of the communist party in uh
In new york, so something create something weird like that. Okay, he lives in a two million dollar
Beautiful brownstone that faces the park in park slope. It's like one of the most coveted
Like yeah extremely coveted place to live like liz would like die to like live there was fantastic
uh his parents paid for it and
His partner is like a dancer and this thing this thing that
People don't realize is like
No governor no socialist communist government is making up
Oh, yeah, we need like 1% of our population to be dancers
Like that's never something that they come up with that only exists in these capitalists, you know, a system school that can produce
The resources for people like choose their own life and like meet demand on like these granular ways
But yeah, like head of the communist party
You know mansion paid by his parents
Uh, you know, not really working like like a labor job
uh
Extremely common and the other thing that's a little frustrating for us is uh, especially for Liz
Uh, these people love to use cuba as an example. They're like oh, but in cuba like
You know the health care is paid for by the government or like oh in cuba like, you know x y z things
it's so offensively ignorant because
Yeah, health care is paid for by the government just like everything's paid for the by the government
Liz's family members when they have family in cuba that are sick then you treatment you know what they have to do
In america, they have to go buy medical supplies
Travel with like literally gauze
Like scalpels all this stuff. Oh travel with it to cuba so that the doctors there can do the operation because they don't have
Yeah, that's stuff there like it is a
Tough tough life to live there. It's extremely difficult and people kind of like flippantly you're like
Oh, you know these other countries they have x y z you think you just don't know like especially if you're in america
Like you really don't know how good it is. There's so many problems here
I think the biggest problems in america are actually that capitalism isn't appropriately applied. I think
Uh, we let companies get too big. We let companies
We kind of like kill competition in a lot of ways and capitalism requires like aggressive competition
People just like blame everything on it. They're like
Everything is because of capitalism and like I don't know. It's very it's very ignorant to me
Yeah, I I don't claim to know anything about
Anything. I mean, especially this
But I live in the context I live in I live here in america and like i'm not going to try to imagine a world where
It wasn't a capitalist economy and I just it just rubs me really weird
When people start coming at me because i'm a capitalist worshiper like I don't know
It's just like a random thing that throw out that's supposed to be an insult because they just it's like
Incinuated that capitalism is bad for some reason. Yeah, this is responsible for everything. That's bad
And then if you respond they hit you with this meme. I don't know if you've seen that. I'm sure you have
I would improve society that that's stupid. Yeah, because that's what you were. Yeah, that's exactly what you were saying
Maybe we could please improve society. That's not what you said. You said capitalism is bad. You're an idiot. Like shut up. Oh
People don't be crazy. I know
It is uh, it is weird. I feel people don't appreciate what they have really understand where
Where it comes from and then the day i'm just like just check the scoreboard. Like
That's what it comes down to america is still doing pretty great
Yeah, like
Like significantly better. It really feels like the rest of the world builds on top of the innovation that happens here
That's not an accident. That's not something that happens randomly
It takes so many little things for that
To to be the case. So yeah, yeah, it's it's weird
But it is it is trendy. It is like a trendy thing. Yeah, it's really annoying
Uh, maybe if you're in that trend, maybe consider your life choices
Try a different trend try something else like i don't know
Anti caffeine or something there's lots of trends lots of trends you could hop on, you know veganism
Well, that here's the thing that's where you can mess with people if someone's like
Uh, you're a capitalist whatever you can be like actually i'm vegan
Guarantees they have no like mental model for dealing with that. They like
Probably are just like like what do i say? Like i guarantee they'd be really confused
Because i think there's so many things that would contradict whatever view they have of me
It's like there isn't no box you can put me in
The other day that guy that replied to you being like oh like you grew up with rich parents
Right. Yeah, like that was a big assumption to make i don't know what i said
So you're like shared any start you shared
Your trajectory you acknowledge like maybe it was slightly easier for you than it maybe as for other people
And they were like well, obviously it's because you had rich parents like
It's just like it's just so sad like when you whenever you see anyone
Succeeding is your reaction to be like
There's no way they could have done that without some like cheating
You know that's like this if some pretty let's see the world that way a lot of bitterness online
I don't know if online is the caught like if we're if it's shaping us to be this way
Like we're seeing so many people in a different context than ours that it creates this bitterness
Uh, but I do see it a lot in replies these days and I don't like it
For them like for people who see that and this sounds so like
I'm on my pedestal high horse here like oh you poor peasants
Why must you be so bitter?
like just for for people to feel that way like to see any situation that's different than theirs and be like
Well, I would have been that way if only like whatever
That's just not a good way to live like again going back to this idea that we're almost so used to this stuff
That when you think back like step back and think like do I know anyone that would behave like that
It's like of course not like I don't know anyone that would behave that way that you see that thing with prime
Or that guy was like
Yeah, I'm being like oh you're some guy that did meth and now acts like a clown, you know, just like yeah
Obviously any
Obviously any person is going to realize that that's only going to make people
Like come to his defense. Obviously. It's a very sympathetic situation. It's a very admirable situation
And something people look at in a positive way. So one like not recognizing that and then two just saying like
Just like the most like mean thing. I like who do you know in real life that would actually do that
Yeah, like it's such a weird behavior
That's definitely a thing right that like
Online communities like we're so much more rude and and just the way we act versus in person
Like people wouldn't be the way they are
On reddit, you know
Well, I think this person might be because it's so like it's so
Be tethered from anything normal that i'm like, are we just connecting with some is it that we're just discovering? Yeah, some more people
But some more types of what is this person like in real life?
Like I can't help but imagine like are they just normal and they have just like this weird thing that they exert online
Yeah, uh, or are they like weird in real life too? It's it's really odd
I feel like I need to say because I feel like i've been picking on lots of different things in this episode
I've probably done all these things too
Like i've probably said things on twitter I regret where I was like a jerk and if I go back through my replies
I could probably dig up stuff that like i've contradicted so like i don't know life is hard
And i'm not trying to pick on people. It's just like
I still have this thesis that we're all just too online that there's just too much online interaction versus
Real-world react interaction like the the ratio is so out of whack. Yeah. Yeah
Do you do agree with that? Maybe you don't maybe you think this is fine
I I love it for friendships like I feel like we can be friends
It's like I can have friends that I have so much more in common with than I ever could
In person the people around me like I just can't meet people that have so many specific interests
Uh, so the the online nature of like socialization. I love that
Uh, but I do worry about our brains. Yeah, to me. I kind of perceive it more like
almost like a natural phenomena like
if
I don't know like
All volcano goes off and like life like it's like cloudy or whatever for like three years
Or like 40 years whatever it is. You could be like
One perspective is oh like, you know, we shouldn't live like this
But like you would never say that because it's like a natural phenomena. It's like is reality. Yeah, I'll change it
Yeah, this is just the world now
Uh, yeah, so for me, it's more like this is just the world now. This is what it is
And this is what the new normal is. I think uh, yeah this book if you see the movie. I am legend
Yeah, so the book version of it
So the rough premise of people that i've seen it is uh, there's a cure for cancer or something
It ends up turning people into these like in the book. It's like
Not exactly zombies or like almost like vampires
Uh, whatever it makes everyone these like monsters
And there's a few people that are immune and the main character is immune
And he's like working so hard to like cure
The world because he's like, you know, yeah, I don't know. He has ability to like research his stuff
Uh, and he does discover a cure but at the end he destroys a cure and kills himself because he realizes that spoilers
Say from his point of view. He was yeah, he was like curing
The world of being monsters, but then from the world's point of view
They're all normal and he's just some of this. He's like this crazy monster to them going and trying to change them
Yeah, so he kind of accepted that the world is shifted and he is the one that is
No longer has a place in it. I've seen that movie and I don't remember any of that. That's so funny
No, the movie the movie wasn't like that and then the movie
It was because like here's a cure. I'm gonna sacrifice myself and kill all these dumb zombies
Oh, you're oh, you're saying the book. You're the you're describing the book book. Yeah, the book is a different ending
Oh a different ending. How can you do that in a movie adaptation?
Well, the movie has like a Hollywood ending
The face of the author. I think there was an arrow in movies where it was like
You would just need a straightforward plots and I think at some point people got bored of them. So now we have like
crazier plots that maybe are like
Leave you not entirely satisfied at the end but like on purpose and it's like intellectual and whatever
Yeah, but when the movie came out now straight forward zombie movie guy alone in New York
He's gonna save the world and he's gonna sacrifice himself doing it
Okay, like that
The book had this deeper point of
As impossible as it seems. Yeah, like that is now the new normal
And that's kind of how I feel about this. I need I need this. Yeah. I think you shifted my perspective
I need that shift because it is just reality. It's like what is complaining about this amount of time
We're staying online do nothing. This is the way people talk to each other now. This is just the way
Yeah, and there's a lot I love about it
Like it's it's changed my life for the better in so many so many ways
And it's still not impossible to like get that offline time and to do the things
that you want to do in the real world. It's just uh
It's like you said it's the most interesting thing you have is your phone. So like it's been the key to be reset
Yeah
Yeah, this other this reminds of the other thing I've been thinking about I've been for the right way to articulate it
But with all this AI stuff coming out like we're all imagining what the future will be like
And I think we have this weird bias where
All the technology seems so great and amazing and we imagine like a very neat future as a result
We're like, oh, like, you know, all these things will be like straightforward and clean and neat
but
If you ask most people do you think the past was neater or do you think now was neater?
The past seems like simpler and more straightforward and now it just seems more chaotic. Mm
So with imagine as AI stuff, it actually might just be even like more chaotic in the future. We think like
Oh, like yeah, software is going to be easier to produce and it's going to be like more correct and like, you know, all this stuff can do all this stuff
but
The reality is a thousand times more software is going to get produced
Very quickly because it's cost of producing is going to go down
That might end up in like a way messier thing that requires like way more human effort to stay on top of you know, so
Yeah, I think there's it's interesting. So
We think the future is going to be more straightforward, but I don't think it ever is. I think it's just like more and more crazier
Yeah, it's it kind of takes us back to the car
We didn't really talk much about the reaction to Devin
Right. Uh, there's definitely like the two camps that are forming
And then there's always the people in the middle that are just kind of like i'm going to be very reasonable and measured on twitter and look at me
But the people on the extremes are like
You're all idiots. Of course. This is taking all our jobs. Like here it comes told you and then there's the other side
That's like not impressed like this just gonna create more junk code that we're all gonna have to maintain
So where do you know, where do you land on that spectrum? I have no idea. I it's I don't think I'm in the middle
I just don't know it's it's very unclear. I think a little tiny tea cup
Drinking and looking down on the floor like I don't know
I guess sort of because when I imagine these people
Anyone that's unimpressed by lms, they're like, I canceled my chat gpt
It wasn't useful like you're I'm a hundred percent certain you're motivated by not wanting to believe it's useful because it's so obviously
Yeah, I don't get that take. Yeah, like there's no way like you you just don't want this
I'm not trying to make this thing help me. It's just every time I remember oh, I can just I can ask that gpt
I end up with good outcomes. I feel like if you're not yeah, if you're not seeing that then i'm not sure
What you're missing. Yeah, and to me, it's it's so it's such a gap from my experience
It can only be explained by like psychology to me
Like I feel like you don't want this to be useful. Yeah, like you don't want it to be then the people that are really confident saying like
Oh, it's just gonna be like
It's gonna create even more developers are gonna be like 10 times the many I totally get their point
And I like see it. I think
In the short term assuming there's like no hard take off with like
True artificial intelligence. It's actually very simple formula
Uh, there's all this code that needs to be written today. It's not being written because
You can't connect the labor to the person that needs it and it's always gonna be a problem
It becomes 10 times cheaper maybe a thousand times cheaper
All that stuff is gonna get written you're gonna have like a thousand next amount of software
Like very quickly because yep, I'm cheaper to produce
I can see how the end result of that is not anything good
Um
Yeah, most of the software in today is bad
A lot of the software today. I know have we talked about this customer service thing. I always talk about
I don't remember. I think we maybe have some more but uh
Like so much is
Automatable now
Theoretically, um, yeah, you want to go book a hotel. You want to go book? Uh
Appointment for a haircut
Uh, but the actual automation that was put in place there sucks. It's like not good
But it allowed companies to get rid of the human stuff
So now we're in this crappy middle ground where like you have to use these crappy automated systems
When you would just probably ride just talk to someone and explain them what you want
But like that person's not there anymore
So that's kind of I feel like if we let more software reproduce like I don't necessarily think it's gonna be like good
Software I think it's just kind of creates more of a mess and helps stuff a little bit
Um, I can see how that's the case and I get where people are coming from. This is gonna require like a new
Set of work for people to manage and improve and stuff
But I'm also not sure about that either because I do believe that there's a chance of like, you know, something that is generally better than
How humans produce products and stuff. So yeah, I just don't know. It's very unclear to me
I'm confused how anyone can be very certain. I'm very selfish. I don't view things from like a broader perspective
I just have viewed this whole situation from my perspective and it's like I have very
Like specific desires that I'm probably just like wish casting this into is that a word
like I just want it to be a certain thing and
Any little signal is like I think it's coming. Yes thing. I need like I would I would love to have because
I don't hire like I haven't historically hired people that are very cheap labor
Uh, I don't like managing people and I do think I could really enjoy
Having these types of things to manage versus
human beings
Uh, so I want that and I think I just like I see any progress and I get excited like maybe that future exists
But I don't think about it from a broader like industry perspective what it's going to mean for the landscape
I think that's actually really good though because I feel this way about so many things so many things in life
Uh, it's like figure out how to help yourself before you try to like solve the world's problems
Uh, yeah, put your own mask on and the airplane scenario. Yeah, so I think yeah to me
That's what keeping me grounded. I'm just trying to figure out how to improve my own stuff
And through that process I might get some insight on how this might be generally true
Yeah across a lot of people. That's why with all this stuff coming out. I'm like school. I'm like bringing it back to
Okay, I see Devin
Am I like gonna go use it tomorrow? Probably not. So that's like not it. Yeah
Like I'm not dropping everything until I go find a way to go use it, right?
Yep, so like you will get one something meets that threshold will be I think it'll be very obvious when you think about it that way
What else is going on?
Twitter Twitter Twitter
Why is twitter the best developer community? Get out of here redditors is that true?
Hacker news. They're like an objective truth objectively. Yeah, it's just fact
Well, you see what I posted about the hacker news thing with plans go. No, wait, what plan scale hackers?
The hacker news thread on plan scale stuff was like oh, yeah, no reasonable
Like everyone had a reasonable response for the most part
Yeah, yeah, like the worst stuff on twitter was yeah all over the place
Yeah, you know, I only learned who shoe nice was in the last me too. I know who that was either tell that threat now
My following tab is just his face everywhere. Are you following him? No. Oh wait, maybe
Oh, I am. Yep. Yeah, I feel like I missed a whole era of youtube like I only got into youtube
And i'm not even really into it now, but yeah, I feel like I missed all this stuff
I think I vaguely kind of remember that the uh the other thing so I talk about how lms are underused
I also think that uh that's her is cameo
Do you know what that is? Oh, that is so underused. Yeah, I had the exact same thought
Yeah, when this shoe nice stuff happened like, oh, we should totally be memeing each other with like celebrities. I'm not that expensive
It's really not that expensive. Yeah, just getting I feel like there's so many opportunities for pranks
I'm totally gonna do it. Yeah
I did. I'm gonna have to open a tab and leave it open. So I don't forget like can't cameo
This would just be a whole nother layer to our shitposting. Yeah, exactly. That's one of each other
Yeah, yeah, like maybe I should start making my points through celebrities voices. There you go
exactly
What a brilliant what a brilliant
Content business start up. Yeah, exactly. You know the
Okay, this one's odd
I just uh I pulled up cameo and one of the today's top 10 is the viral oompa loompa
Did you see this? Oh lady. It's like the chemistry set
You can you can buy for $20. You can get in a cameo from her. That's just a 4.98 rating. Like who is this person?
How did they contact her?
Well, the best part is you also get professional impersonators
So like oh, is that what it is?
Well, no
Well, you can also get you know
Like obviously you can't get like Brad Pitt to like do a cameo because it's not worth it for him
Yeah, but they are people who are impersonators that are very very very good
Interesting. Yeah, but it's okay. I know like it's kind of maybe cameo doesn't even need to exist anymore. Oh, yeah
That's another thing. I'm surprised. We don't see more of is more fake
Like video people talking that they didn't really do like this. They didn't really say you know what I mean
Like I'm surprised there's not more deep fake like stuff happening on twitter
Yeah, jokes or maliciously or whatever like I feel like that tech is so good now, isn't it? And like you never see
Uh, that's true
Maybe it's still like it hasn't crossed the throat threshold of like
You can do it on a whim which is maybe is what yeah, maybe
Man so many people like $20,000 to get kenny g to do a cameo like no, thanks
Who's who's doing that to be honest?
I feel like maybe cameo fell off a little bit because i'm looking at their list of people and i'm like
These are like not like
Now we're close to anyone that would want doing anything. Yeah, yeah
I'm trying to think
We just said there should be a lot more of this but now I can't think of a single example of like a person that I think would be funny
to have
Post something. Oh my god. I see the impoluma
How wild is that like how'd they find that person?
There's there's two of them one is like an one is like a fake version. Oh, really? It is a fake
It's not the person is from a picture. Oh, I guess there's more than one. There's more than one
Oompa loopa at the event, which I guess makes sense
Okay, there's cameo kids and this looks like fun to have like elmo say something trolly about rsc's that would be fun
Oh, that's fun. That's good. Could be a cookie monster
Yeah, you gotta get someone something really innocent like just talking like a load of shit
Yeah, I wonder if you can well, maybe not cursing but like you could get them to say funny things in our context that wouldn't be offensive
Was it was a flip that did the shooting nice thing originally? Yeah, I don't know. I think I want to say flip
It was brilliant. That was good. Well
Initially, I was like has this guy been watching like tech twitter and has all these like funny things to say about it
And i'm halfway throughout the car because it came here. Yeah, I got it
That's so funny. We have the same thought that there's not near enough cameo happening in the lash. Maybe i'll go on here
Oh, there you go
Can I yeah some of these are like 20 bucks. Can I pay 20 bucks to have dax say something? Yeah
I'll just have you say stuff you would have said anyway
I gotta find one here that looks like me and then I can have them read all my thoughts
Yeah, there you go. Just like uncanny valley dax. It's like wait. Is that dax? Yeah, I gotta get a Oscar Isaac from x machina
Have you seen that? No, I haven't seen movies. Oh, yeah, I need you to tell me what movie I'm not so I watched done gerk
Okay
What's my next movie? Have you seen what have you like gone to the Oscar winners for this year? No
Who are they? Well Oppenheimer just crushed it Oppenheimer like did so well. I know so I've seen Oppenheimer and I I loved Oppenheimer
Yeah, so
Do you know those were chris for Nolan's first Oscars? He finally won two really best picture
When were the Oscars this happened already? Sunday. I used to be plugged into the world
What what happened? I don't consume anything apparently where I would know these things
Well, the Oscars are super boring so that it definitely shouldn't watch them
But but I mean like here like oh these things won the Oscars. I didn't hear anything
I do feel like a lot of this traditional media stuff is like kind of on a downtrend in terms of like people caring
I think this stuff just doesn't show up as much
Interesting, so that was the 96 Oscars
I'm trying to see the winners because that see I generally I think I like
Critically acclaimed movies my wife thinks it's a signal that she won't like the movie if it did well in the awards
uh
She's more into
Not good movies. I guess so
Another one that was nominated was Martin Scorsese's uh killers of the flower moon killers of the flower moon
I think I've heard of that wait, you've never seen wolf of wall street go watch wolf of wall street wolf of wall street
Okay, that's old though, isn't it? That's not like a bad old but I mean, okay. It's it didn't win an Oscar this year
You're not gonna watch it. I think this is an old movie
Oh, okay, you're gonna watch anything. This is a hilarious movie. Yeah, I'm super agist about movies
Like if it looks like it was made and yeah, I don't like stuff. It's not that old
No, it doesn't feel like an old movie at all. So silly and Murphy won a one uh best actor, huh?
For Oppenheimer. Yeah, he was so good. That was so good. It was good. Yeah big fan
Uh, okay, uh, so I'm watching uh, would you say how do you forgot the name of it? Uh wolf of wall street
And what's my next movie after that? I really maybe we'll just take a one-on-a-time
Directors and like just watching like their top three movies
That usually works out. Well, like so it's Steven Spielberg
Like the original director that people
That's I've been a little unplug
Yeah, get you said Nolan
Uh, so Oppenheimer was like you watched a bunch of Nolan movies already
Yeah, I think I have I mean like I love inception. That was an old movie, right? Yeah. Yeah, uh, done Kirk was, you know, it was it was a movie
Uh, and Oppenheimer is his latest. So is there any other missing big Nolan movie? I need to watch Interstellar, which I think you've seen
I've seen Interstellar. Yeah, although I'd like to see it in my theater. I bet it'd be really good
Yeah, so I think you've probably seen most of his best ones. Okay. So Scorsese will have a wall street
Definitely one of his best movies. Oh, so that's Scorsese. I've heard of Scorsese. Yeah, uh, the departed is also very good
Oh, I've seen the departed. Yeah, you're getting back into old enough movies that I've like that one so loud back
Let me go forward. So his newest movie is killers of the flower moon, which is uh, okay
Okay, so the thing with him is he's so successful now that he can make movies as long as he wants
Um, oh, it's a long movie nobody stops him
So I will say kill the flower moon very good amazing acting liana caprio
Uh, but was a bit long. So I don't know if you want to do that. I'm looking up how long when you say a bit long
Have you gone through? Uh, it's like three hours three and a half hours something insane. Yeah, it's tough
It's tough. I got two hours on saturday morning. So if it doesn't fit mad you gone through
Tarantino stuff like have you seen he's like the kill bill?
Yeah, like that's the movie. See did is it I think like
I've seen at least one of his movies and I don't know if it's my style
I don't know if I enjoy the like over the top gore is that like his thing
I would say all of his movies have some aspect of it
But a movie like kill bill is like a very extreme version of it
so if you look at like um
Have you seen uh, I think you've seen
Inglorious bastards
No, is that good. Yeah, i like Brad Pitt. I know he's in that. Yeah, he's great at all
No Brad Pitts from shrink field. I think that's why I mentioned it
Oh, I have
I'm just such a small person like I just have such a small world
And I just regurgitate the same like five facts about my life
Jango and jane is also goodly under caprio is really good in that
What did you say jango and change jango un-chained jango un-chained? Oh, yeah and hateful eight well 2012
I think anything post 2005 or six will feel like a new movie to you
Like I don't think I don't think they like seem old to really
Okay, the trailers make them look really old because trailers back then were just so different
Just like a guy like in a world where
Yeah, no matter what. Yeah. Yeah, no matter how serious the movie is. It's just got this crazy guy
Oh, wait. I'm all over the place. Have you seen there will be blood? No
What is it? You should watch that amazing movie. There will be blood. Yeah, is that a score says who is that?
No, it's uh, coen brothers. I think
Oh coen, but uh, I watched one of their movies, uh, that one and uh academy award
Uh
What's the name of it?
The the guy with the cow prod thing. Oh, yeah, yeah, um, uh, no country for old men
Yes, that's a coen brothers, right? Yeah, so like i've watched that a nice way to go is through directors or actors
So in that case coen brothers also did there will be blood which I think
Maybe is the best acting performance i've ever seen with uh
Daniel de luis. He's like the main character in it
So there will be blood is about like this oil man like building his oil empire and like the late
100s and it starts from him little like scrounging around in the dirt looking for oil to like
The the height of like success
And he like kind of goes insane and it's a very crazy interesting also beautiful movie. You'll look good in your theater
Oh, okay, but then if you go if you go the other direction, so you watch no country for old men
the scary guy in that played by havi air bardin
Yes, uh, his movies are also very good. He was just in the new dune movie. I want to see the new dune movie
The new dune movies are very good, but you gotta wait for it to come out for home theater
I'm the same way there's like there's something nice about watching certain things at home
So especially with your setup is probably better than theaters. Oh, yeah, i'm not going to i'm not going to a theater
Every year. Yeah, but I didn't know how to ask online like when will it be on the news groups
So like when is it released on theater seem like well usually they have a digital release date
I mean for movie like doing they might have not announced it. It's probably gonna be a while
I just sent you a picture of tommy lee jones
How will you think tommy lee jones is look at that picture until he's been old my whole life though
Yeah, but look at the picture and tell me how old do you think he is from that picture crazy old?
Let me see where you sent it to me. It's discord discord
Wow, he looks like he died several years ago. He looks
Seriously, i'm sorry
Uh, I don't know if this is mean, but like he looks he's 77
Does he not look like he's 104 in that picture?
He's always had a crazy wrinkled face like that's been his thing right forever. Yeah. Yeah, i guess he's always a little older
And that's one has worked for his
Rolls, I guess I haven't seen him in a movie in a long time
But like he does not look like he would be acting in that current state
Maybe it's a bad day. You know, I have bad days
Today's probably a bad day. He's like a really accomplished actor
But like when I think of him, I just think men in black like it's yeah
Yeah, that's same
April 16th doing to digital release
Yeah, that's not that far. No, it's not like six or seven. I'll be
Uh, is that around when i'll be coming to Miami? That's close. You don't have to watch the day comes out
I'm just saying like that's how close it is like Miami is close. Yeah, exactly. We got stuff to do
Yeah, uh, it's for uh, your part of the Miami stuff to do is everything on track
Yeah, well we have certain things that we have to lift
Okay, uh, I'm gonna set it. I just sent a list yesterday. I saw that. Yeah, but the timing of it
Everything's still on track
The thing that I need to get on time. I'm gonna set a date where we have to have
Yeah
Yes, I think i'm gonna do that thing I got yesterday was
The blocker for your thing. So I think once we think that we're gonna get everything else
Yeah, yeah, I love this. I love having a secret project that we kind of talk about but because we actually need to talk about it
Nobody has a no word on that. That's fun
Uh, okay, we should probably get off here. How have we been talking forever hour and 20
You know, there's no end to these episodes. There doesn't have to be uh, a time limit like I what's his name?
Uh, really famous podcaster Joe Rogan. He does like five episodes. Yeah. Yeah, what's that about?
Do people listen for that long because like I listen to podcast on a walk. I can't walk for five hours
No, but I think what's smart about it is the people he gets on there
It's the only opportunity they have to speak for five hours. So they approach it totally differently
So that's why I think it like kind of works
The whole thing the person
You're hearing different stuff for them or hear them talk about things in a different way because they're not like
I compress everything that makes sense
Okay, so it's not that everybody that listens to Joe Rogan listens to five hour episodes every week
I think a lot of people do they just have it on all day while they work or whatever
Oh, well, they weren't okay. Yeah, interesting. Have you seen any gammel del Toro movies? I don't know who that is now
Okay, some of this stuff
It's he's weird, but some of this stuff is pretty good. Okay wolf a wall street. That's my next one
That's all I need to know. I can't remember two movies ahead
Oh, of course. Okay, I love lower the rings. Yeah, I've watched all the special footage for lower the rings
That's how they know who doesn't like it who Liz Liz thinks Liz she like
Doesn't like and she thinks that bad movie and it's funny because uh
I love this because she's so objectively wrong because return of the team has the record for the most number of Oscars or something
Something like that. Oh really?
If there was gonna be a way to objectively measure a movie like you're right. It's up there
Yeah
I think didn't they kind of like hold off knowing there was gonna be three movies and they kind of like gave all the awards
They were gonna give for that mo for that series of movies on the last one if I recall
Oh, really?
It's like they didn't really honor the first two because it was like they just waited till they're done and they gave them all
They were it's yeah
It was quite an undertaking like if you watch any of the special footage like what a crazy and really like
That's a nice hat tip to how much of a crazy entertaining books were like
How many authors have thrown like their entire life's work into one series of books?
And like created an entire world all the backstory like there's books that the characters in the lord of the rings read that he wrote
They're like
It's just crazy like the amount of effort
That I feel like it's just not gonna happen again like an author is not gonna do that and if they do it'll feel like
I don't know. Maybe maybe it could be done again, but it just feels like it'd be forced
No, it's it hasn't happened in a long time like harry potter was the closest and that was like
Yeah smaller. It's still very close all those movies too. Yeah, okay. So here's another thing I will say
So i'm i'm not someone that likes old movies. I'm not like oh things are so better
Back in the day. Yeah, but there was this golden window where making a movie meant doing all this really hard stuff
That has gone away. So lord of the rings
Making that movie meant they were hiking to weird parts of new zealand
Yeah
And if you look at newer movies building crazy cities like in these remote places and that stuff just looks better
It just looks better. Yeah, like it just comes out better and a lot of the newer stuff
Everything has like this weird like gloss over it because it's all like green screen cgi
It's like all the marvel movies like half of it's not real like most of what you're seeing is just
I'm not like staunch and thinking like you can't ever recreate that. I believe hypothetically you can with the right setup
I don't think
Whatever they're doing now is anywhere close to that. I think it does not work
It's not the same in the sense that the actors imagine being on a set on a mountain in New Zealand
With the wind blowing and like you feel like you're in this medieval time
Like I would think the performance would be so much easier
To like get what you're wanting to get out of the actors and just for it to feel believable when you watch the movie
Versus like you're on this stage with all these green screens and you're just like yeah
Well
There's a clip of uh Ian McKellen who plays Gandalf
So when they made the hobbit movies, there's a clip of him like breaking down and crying because he's literally
On his in his own an empty room talking to nobody because they're like
Like he couldn't travel so they like filmed where he was in like this green screen
He's like a stage actor so like his whole thing is like going off with other people and just like was like
Such a bad environment compared to like the original movies. Yeah
And yeah, I bet that feels like like imagine how fun it is like you go to New Zealand with all these people
You're hanging out every day. You're like bonding like a team and you're doing the stuff. Yeah
Then like fast forward you're just in a room by herself. I can see why that's like soulless. Oh, yeah
Yeah, it sounds like the 2024 version of making movies like post-covid
Get every actor in their own individual room film them pretending to yeah
Yeah, and they still do it and they're it's impressive what they what they can do talking to nobody when you see the behind the scenes thing
They're just like looking at a tennis ball
Yeah, so I feel like there was this golden window where like they're like if we're gonna make a movie
And it's gonna be a big budget movie. We're gonna do it in hard mode. And I feel like yeah
It just removed that risk
Entirely and like the stuff now it just feels a little little glossy
Yeah, the new dude. I remember they did film in like Tunisia or something. So like you can still get that like
some of that, but
Yeah, it's not as often not as common anymore. I could talk about lower thereings for a while
I feel like I had to pee and I don't so we could just keep telling you swallow your pee
It's so funny. I get on my four-year-old
Like he holds his pee and he dances around for like 20 minutes when I please just go pee
Uh, but I do the same thing. I'm doing the exact same thing. So what can I say?
But you you got super into lord of the rings then it feels like that's like kind of like high school
Yeah, I never had a conversation for you with you where like you've been really into something pop culture
So it's like yeah surprising
I think I used to be more plugged in like that was it would have been high school time like I was still living at home
My whole family we watched all the movies and then we watched all the special footage together and that was like
It was a nice time. I have fond memories of all that. I remember thinking peter jackson was like the coolest human being in the world
It's so impressive. Well, I was so excited for his next movie and then it was like the lovely bones or something. I was like what the
Lower the rings to this I don't I will say uh the king Kong movie he made I actually think was very good
I know I never saw it. Yeah, but I think it definitely
Obviously not to level lower the rings, but he like
Something like the whole building stuff was was in there. It was impressive. Okay. Here's my sort of lower the rings
So
I had never heard a lord of the rings. We were at the mall like people used to do in the 90s or early 2000s
And you would randomly decide to go to a movie you wouldn't like plan it three weeks in advance and like book tickets
And then you would just randomly go to a movie that does feel so foreign like such a long time ago
Yeah, so I was with my parents as a kid
Uh, and we said randomly go to randomly go to a movie. My mom was pregnant
At the time. So we go to the fellowship for the ring. No idea what it was
Start watching it. Yeah, super into it
Super long movie. My mom was like really uncomfortable like sitting for that long because she was like pretty proud of the time
And I kept being like oh five more minutes five more minutes and then she was like it's too much. We have to go
Oh, no, but it was so was at the scene where uh
Boromir betrays
Like the ring takes over and he like betrays. Yeah, whatever. That's what we left there and I was like
man
I really want to know what happens in this movie. I can't wait till it comes out on dvd or whatever it was back in the time
So wait a year. Yeah, I got it
I watched
The whole movie again to see what happens to the hobbits and what happens to ring
And there's only 10 minutes left and then like go like climb the mountain and they look at the distance
And I didn't know it was a trilogy. I like waited a year to
The conclusion to the movie was going to happen at like I thought I missed so and I like
Yeah, there's only 10 minutes left after he does that basically like they get away and they climb up the mountain and they like
Like they look they look dramatically and you see like more door and like the dragons and that was it
Yeah, so I was like oh
I don't remember how I knew like I didn't read the books before I actually read the books after the movies
I don't know how I knew that there were more but like I knew what lord of the rings was somehow coming into it
I think I had read the hobbit. Maybe I read the hobbit before yeah
The hobbits are easy book to read. I mean I read that kid too. It is like a kid's book in a lot of ways
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, so I think I knew but that's so funny that you went into it and not knowing anything
Yeah, I wait a year thinking about what happens to hobbits like how did they display their age is so excited to find out
And I didn't find out for like seven years or whatever however long to go from so funny
Yeah, those all those movies are long right. They're all like three and a half hours. Yeah, and I think they kind of basically filmed them all in one go
I think they were just like continuously doing yeah like little breaks between. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we got super into New Zealand after that
I got super into it all the actors
Was there like ever a country that you were like I want to go to that place more than after watching lord of the rings
when I go to New Zealand it was
Just beautiful. It's so impressive because the whole movie is just filmed in New Zealand and there's so many different
like climates and like different terrains different. Yeah, yeah, the crazy mountainous stuff
It's a small right like a big place. Yeah. Yeah, and Peter Jackson's from there, right? Yeah, so he was like
He became god in New Zealand, right? Like yeah, they night him. I want to say they nighted. I don't know
Uh, maybe I'm thinking of the guy that climbed Mount Everest. They got knighted. Yeah
Well, it's it's so crazy to me that someone it seems so random like someone from this really small place
Got the chance like convinced hollywood to take it back on this thing that wasn't didn't really seem like it made a lot of sense
And he happened to be from the place where was a perfect place to shoot it. Yeah, it's just like it almost feels like fate
It's like so hard to see that and that like this was always supposed to happen
I remember watching all the hobbit movies after and it just wasn't the same wasn't the same like it didn't capture that
That same feeling from watching the original or the rings movies
And I wanted it too because it was Peter Jackson still and it was like, but I remember thinking like this could have been two movies
It into one
Definitely didn't need to be three, but I get like if they just wanted to keep making movies because it was a good time
Yeah, I mean, that's a great example of what I was talking about like that movie just feels so glossy
And that's all it's only a word that I can use to that. Yeah, I think about like oh, yeah
Or the range how like grungy and dirty everything was
And they try to make stuff look dirty
Using cgi, but like it just doesn't look the same like something. Yeah. Yeah, whoever figures that out is gonna like
Yeah, like what what's everyone missing that cgi doesn't look real
That uncanny valley or whatever
Uh, what do you have a favorite of the three or things movies? It's probably return of the king
Okay, there's a scene turn of the king that always like basically makes me cry when at the end when the movies all over and
The hobbit to like bowing and then aragorn's like you bow to no one. I'm like cheering up. Oh, yeah. Oh wow
The thing that always gets me and Liz always makes funny for this is any any time there's like honor involved
Any kind of like deep honor like that. Mm. Always makes me
Cheer up. So that scene like is like hits me super hard. So I remember that a lot
But I think I like two towers a lot too because of the battle towers is my favorite
Yeah, there's something about the like they have no hope the whole movie
Oh, yeah, and but then like the way and just the dark like it's all like rainy and dark the whole movie
And then that they ever comes there. It just feels so hopeless. I something about that movie
I love that one and just the the imagery like that castle all of it was done so well
Yeah, it's just just like impending dread of like this giant army of soulless
Yeah
Man-eating things like from like one last ride or whatever and then yeah
Yeah, and then Gandalf's like look look for me in the 10th day or whatever
Yeah, I just I just I just searched like cameo for vega martin's and I was totally going to hit you with like
She's out of no one
He doesn't do it. He doesn't he's not on camera. No, he's wait. He's like it. He's an extremely good actor
Yeah, he's really good. Yeah
That movie also that scene where legolas slides down
On the shield down the stairs and like oh, yeah
I feel like that was every teenage boys like perfect perfect scene that like
I I thought about that. It seemed like every day in my life for like years after seeing it
I'm just like this is the coolest thing I've ever seen like it was so cool, but now as an adult. I'm like
Eh like I was not doing it for me. Yeah, I'm way more into like airborne character
Yeah, I was gonna say who's your favorite character in the series
So it sounds like back in the day. I just fell for the flashiness of like a lot of us and like his acrobatics and all that
But as an adult, I'm like
Just like the again just the honor
Encourage of airborne like I really hmm speaks to me
It's it's funny when there's like
There's like themes that really get you emotional because there's definitely something like that for me
And I can't think of what it is right now
But my wife could like craft the perfect movie scene that would make me cry
Yeah, she knows what values or what things like get at me
I can't think of it is right now, but uh, yeah, it's just interesting. It's so stupid for me
I think it's a little hunter and sacrifice and one of those two things are combined like it always makes me tear up
to the point where I do it in the dumbest situation, so
You know laugh ready the frickin Mulan trailer. They remade
They remade Mulan, okay
And it's probably a horrible movie in her watch it, but the trailer is about how
The king comes to the kings whatever comes
He's demanding like, you know, you have to we need people for army you have to serve
And then it's like this older guy
And he's like I have to do this for my family like he's like putting on this armor
And he's old and he's like still trying to do his like thing
And clearly like he's gonna die if he goes and does this. Yeah, yeah, this is just dramatic
And then like the music and his daughter decides to go in his place and like that like made me tear up
I was like, yeah, the frickin Mulan remake trailer
I didn't know they were remaking Mulan. They did it was like a while. It was a couple years ago
Okay, um, but yeah, honor plus sacrifice
Killer for me
Where do you think that comes from like is it something you experienced early in life like informative years that like
Or is it innate in your personality? Like what I wonder where those things come from like that kind of a
Like you know, you have this this thing that gets at you
I don't know. I think it's maybe like just how I
The way I see life like or the way I I don't know
I think to me where it gets me is some of these decisions seem so impossible
That people would do these like sacrifices or these like big things. Yeah. Yeah, that seems so impossible
It seems so superhuman to me that it's like so overwhelming. So I don't know where that comes from but
if I think about like
If I was trying to be like the absolute best version of what I think a person could be like
It goes in that direction. Yeah, I mean this even happened to me like I was reading twitter and do you remember when
Andrew from the drizzle team was talking about going back to Ukraine. Oh, yeah. Yeah, like so
I read that and I like it like hit me super hard before we were recording a podcast and I was there like basically crying
Reading that. Oh, yeah, and like I'm not really someone that's super emotional generally
But then like thinking about him like deciding to go back
To be with like his family and his like country
I was like that seems like it's an impossible decision to make like I would never yeah some things
So that stuff just hits me kind of brings yeah brings a lot of perspective to everything else on twitter
Yeah
Let me see something like that. Yeah, but you know anything else. Oh, yeah. Well, of course marley and me. It's another classic
We'll make everyone cry marley and me. I never heard of marley and me
Because that's such a movie. It's like the most fucked up movie in the world. Oh, no was it a joke that it would make you cry or
No, do you know what the movie is about?
No, it's about a dog
And a family gets a dog are you getting emotional about namas being dramatic
It's a story about
This family game is dog and the dog growing up and like the impact it has on like the trajectory of this family
And guess how it ends. Of course it ends the dog ends and it's just like that's how dogs
Yeah, it's so hard to have a dog because you just get attached to it and it's going to die like yeah
It's going to die. Yeah. Oh, i'm sorry. I'm sorry
I just remember you have a dog
No, it was fine. I brought it up. But this movie is so fucked up. I'm like
Why did you why did you make this movie like why did you tell this story?
Like of course, it's gonna devastate every the whole theater was like in tears
That just enjoys. Yeah, you enjoyed the idea of tearing everyone's heart out. Yeah, it's fucked up
fucked up to make a movie like that. Who made that movie? Scorsese, was it you?
Who was it? It was a book originally
Oh, okay. Blame them. Yeah, did I tell you I sold a domain? Wow one of your 500
I've never sold a domain. Yeah, I think I paid for every domain i've bought that wasn't like a big time purchase domain
Uh like all the little domains i've bought over the years
All paid for because I sold one domain. And you know what the domain was
Oh, what is it? Chatching. I love it so much
It's like
Holy odds
When when go daddy like did the dot and g tld like they they announced this
You know you could buy so people were buying a bunch of like stupid stuff
And I was like, what would what would end in ing and be funny?
And I did chut like ch a ch
In I thought that's funny. Was that recent that was a kind of recent. Yeah, it was like six months ago
I don't know whenever they did that announcement. You've already turned it around already turned it around sold it and
Feels good thousands of dollars. It's just I've never sold the domain before. I've only
On domains feels good. Good to be the other guy for once the irony of chutching. Yeah, I know that that's not beautiful again fate
Yeah, now I get to just like watch that domain and see who builds something on it
No, like what were they gonna do with it? I thought like a payments company, you know, chutching
I don't know. We'll see. I bet it's like some crypto scan. I'll probably yeah
Okay, I really do have to pee now. Okay, it was inevitable. There is a limit on how long we can record
It's my bladder
I don't know when we're gonna release this one because I think monday will do the part two of kin
Did you listen to the end of uh our last episode of the part one? No, or how how chris wrapped it up
No, uh, he just he came on and he was like
The conversation with kin will continue and the next like hey, this is chris. It's so good. Oh, that's really cool
You gotta listen to it. Yeah, so it's like the suspense
Because you remember we didn't really in that episode and I know we never really in an episode that well
But that was really bad. We like all fell off. Yeah, and it was just like uh
So he made it work like it actually were and people are excited for the next part too
Like there's people like on the edge of their seats. I love it. Good job chris. That's amazing. Good job chris
Maybe best. Okay, I'm gonna pee. All right, see you next. Yeah